migration-guide-for-next-generation-of Azure Javascript/Typescript management libraries. (#16442)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/MIGRATION guide for bumping up to v30.0.0.md

> ## Guide for bumping Javascript/Typescript SDK to version 30.0.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Guide for migrating to the next generation of Azure JavaScript SDK for Management Libraries
```

Author: changed

> This document is intended to help users bump Javascript/Typescript SDK version to version 30.0.0+ as there are some significant changes since version 30.0.0.

Reviewer: we should not refer to track 2 as versions 30.0.0+ but more like next-generation JavaScript SDK.

We can add a section such as "How can I get the next-generation libraries", then we say something like "Versions above 30.0.0 for certain namespaces are next generation SDKs, we can also provide the example link to a Track 2 package"

Reviewer: some of the new services will use track 2 default and they will not be version 30.0.0+

Author: change it into the next-generation.

1. Callbacks: Method overloads that used callbacks have been removed and the use of promises is encouraged instead
1. List operations now return an iterable result that follows the `PagedAsyncIterableIterator` interface as opposed to the previous model where you had to make a new request using the link to the next page.
1. Long running operations i.e. the Lro related object returned by methods whose names started with `begin`, now uses `pollUntilDone` to check whether the request is finished, instead of `pollUntilFinished`. To get the final result, use the corresponding method that will have the suffix `AndWait`.
1. The SDK only supports ECMAScript 2015 (ES6) and beyond, all projects that referenced this SDK should be upgraded to use ES6.

If you have an existing application that uses the Javascript/Typescript Azure SDK packages and you're interested in updating your application to use the newer JavaScript/Typescript Azure SDK packages, then the good news is that there is very little for you to do. Here's the things that have changed with this new set of SDKs:

## Current status
Currently, we have previewed several packages to version 30.0.0+. See the below list and have a try.  

> 1. [@azure/arm-resources](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-resources/v/30.0.0-beta.1)

Reviewer 2: Do we need to include the full list?

Author: changed

> 1. [@azure/arm-features](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-features/v/30.0.0-beta.2)

Reviewer: i think we can include some examples but no need to maintain the full list, this will require us to update this doc constantly.

Author: changed.

1. [@azure/arm-locks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-locks/v/30.0.0-beta.1)
1. [@azure/arm-links](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-links/v/30.0.0-beta.1)
1. [@azure/arm-policy](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-policy/v/30.0.0-beta.1)
1. [@azure/arm-managedapplications](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-managedapplications/v/30.0.0-beta.1)

## Authentication

> In version 30.0.0+ Javescript/Typescript packages, we only `@azure/identity` to do the Authentication. And we have deprecated the authentication method of `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/ms-rest-browserauth`. If you are using them, you may change it accordingly.  

Reviewer 2: we only support using ..

Author: changed

> In version 30.0.0+ Javescript/Typescript packages, we only `@azure/identity` to do the Authentication. And we have deprecated the authentication method of `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` and `@azure/ms-rest-browserauth`. If you are using them, you may change it accordingly.  

Reviewer: again don't refer to track 2 as 30.0.0+ packages

Author: changed.

For example, if you are using `loginWithServicePrincipalSecret` method in `@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth` to get the credential, you may replace it with `ClientSecretCredential` in `@azure/identity`.  

change
```typescript
import * as msRestNodeAuth  from '@azure/ms-rest-nodeauth';
const credentials = msRestNodeAuth.loginWithServicePrincipalSecret(clientId, clientSecret, tenantId);
```
into
```typescript
import { ClientSecretCredential }  from '@azure/identity';
const credentials = new ClientSecretCredential(tenantId, clientId, clientSecrat);
```
Refer to [@azure/identity](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) for more details.

## Callbacks

In version below 30.0.0. we have some operations that allow users to use callback like :

> 

Reviewer: better to use a heading above such as "Old" , "New" to make it clear

Author: Added current libraries and next generation as two title.

```typeScript

> getInstanceView(

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should only list one function in previous version with callback and also list what the new API would look like for comparison

Author: I have added a table that list the current libraries and the next generation about callback part.

): void;

getInstanceView(
  resourceGroupName: string,
  cloudServiceName: string,
  options: msRest.RequestOptionsBase,
  callback: msRest.ServiceCallback<Models.CloudServiceInstanceView>
): void;

getInstanceView(
  resourceGroupName: string,
  cloudServiceName: string,
  options?: msRest.RequestOptionsBase | msRest.ServiceCallback<Models.CloudServiceInstanceView>,
  callback?: msRest.ServiceCallback<Models.CloudServiceInstanceView>
): Promise<Models.CloudServicesGetInstanceViewResponse> 
```

Now, we have removed them, if you are using something like 
```typescript
const callback = function handle(...args) {
    // callback function body
}
getInstanceView(resourceGroupName, cloudServiceName, callback);
```
You may change it into a promise based 
```typescript
const callback = function handle(...args) {
    // callback function body
}
getInstanceView(resourceGroupName, cloudServiceName)
  .then(...args => handle(...args))
```

## List Operations

List operations now return an iterable result that follows the `PagedAsyncIterableIterator` interface as opposed to the previous model where you had to make a new request using the link to the next page.  

> which means previously, you can get the list result directly like

Reviewer 2: Can we use sth like:
The below example shows how you could iterate through the list of items in previous version:

      <pre lang="typescript">
  async beginCreateOrUpdate(
    resourceGroupName: string,
    cloudServiceName: string,
    options?: CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateOptionalParams
  ): Promise<
    PollerLike<
      PollOperationState<
        CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateResponse
      >,
      CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateResponse
    >
  >
      </pre>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <p>
        Operations that will poll until finish and return the result directly
      </p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <pre lang="typescript">
  createOrUpdate(
    resourceGroupName: string,
    cloudServiceName: string,
    options?: Models.CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateOptionalParams
  ): Promise<
       Models.CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateResponse
     >
      </pre>
    </td>
    <td>
      <pre lang="typescript">
  async beginCreateOrUpdateAndWait(
    resourceGroupName: string,
    cloudServiceName: string,
    options?: CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateOptionalParams
  ): Promise<
       CloudServicesCreateOrUpdateResponse
     >
      </pre>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 -->

**There are also some changes inside the Poller's usages. In general,**

> 1. we change `pollUntilFinished` into `pollUntilDone` and change `isFinished` into `isDone`.

Reviewer 2: Is it just about rename or some other change in API usage?

> 1. We add `isStopped`, `stopPolling`, `cancelOperation`, `onProgress` to give users a better control of the Long Running Operation. 

Reviewer: are there samples regarding this?

> Refer to [@azure/core-lro](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-lro) for more details.

Reviewer: Add a Need help section like Python so people can open an issue

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/doc/sphinx/python_mgmt_migration_guide.rst

Author: I add `If you have encountered an issue during migration, please file an issue via Github Issues <https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues>and make sure you add the "Preview" label to the issue` but found there's no such a label ? which label do you think we should put in here ? I will change it accordingly.
